docs: update a11y for tooltip (#287)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/tooltip.md

| --show-delay       | Time to show tooltip when mouse hovers, in milliseconds |
| --hide-delay       | Time to hide tooltip when mouse leaves, in milliseconds |

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> According to [Title Attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/title) it is recommended to avoid using tooltips, which implementation is not consistent across screen readers, the use is problematic for touch-only devices and for people who use keyboard navigation. 

Reviewer: "using tooltips, for which implementation"

"screen readers.  The use is"

Instead of using tooltips and hiding important information, the developer should try to provide clear labels and sufficient body text.

> If it is required to provide additional information for users with disabilities or impairments, consider to use `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` instead.

Reviewer: "consider using"

> If the use of tooltips is unavoidable, please reference the [documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tooltip_role) on implementation details.

Reviewer: "for implementation"

| --show-delay       | Time to show tooltip when mouse hovers, in milliseconds |
| --hide-delay       | Time to hide tooltip when mouse leaves, in milliseconds |

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::
`ef-tooltip` is assigned to `role=tooltip`. Due to tooltip's nature, there are better approaches to describe or elaborate hidden content than using tooltip such as `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby`,  `aria-description`, and `aria-describedby`.

> > Note: Not all elements support these attributes. Read more at [Short note on aria-label, aria-labelledby, and aria-describedby - TPGi](https://www.tpgi.com/short-note-on-aria-label-aria-labelledby-and-aria-describedby/)

Reviewer 2: Can we have a reference to a more trusted resource, e.g. mdn or w3.org?

> > Note: Beware to use the attributes, all elements isn't support  with those attributes. Read more at [Short note on aria-label, aria-labelledby, and aria-describedby - TPGi](https://www.tpgi.com/short-note-on-aria-label-aria-labelledby-and-aria-describedby/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Note: Not all elements support these attributes. Read more at [Short note on aria-label, aria-labelledby, and aria-describedby - TPGi](https://www.tpgi.com/short-note-on-aria-label-aria-labelledby-and-aria-describedby/)
```

```html

> <a href="./" aria-labelledby="logo-label"> 

Reviewer 2: Does this example work with our own tooltips? E.g.

```
<ef-tooltip id="logo-label" role="tooltip" selector="#YOUR-ID">Refinitiv logo</ef-tooltip>
```

Author: It's not worked because it need to show tooltip by focusing and keyboard navigation. As we discuss in IP sprint that we won't work to let tooltip work by the behavior.

Reviewer 2: I remember that, but we still should be able to do the same with ef-tooltip (with some JS on focus). Are not we?

Author: No, we said no at final at sprint demo meeting at sprint zero.

| --show-delay       | Time to show tooltip when mouse hovers, in milliseconds |
| --hide-delay       | Time to hide tooltip when mouse leaves, in milliseconds |

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> `ef-tooltip` is assigned `role=tooltip` . Meanwhile, tooltip isn't suitable to accessibility due to screen readers doesn't accessible supportively for native title attribute. Because a tooltip appearance  isn't understandable for deaf person.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ef-tooltip` is assigned to `role=tooltip`. Due to tooltip's nature, there are better approaches to describe or elaborate hidden content than using tooltip such as `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby`,  `aria-description`, and `aria-describedby`.
```

cc. @dtanp-rft

> To get close to right approach, there are native attributes such as `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby`,  `aria-description`, and `aria-describedby` . Those attributes have a similar goal to complement and describe the content. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
